# README for OnCorps extenstions

These are the ApiPlatform supported extensions to this exporter which converts [MySQL Workbench](http://www.mysql.com/products/workbench/) Models (\*.mwb) to a Doctrine 2 Schema.


#### Model Comment Behavior

  * `{d:external_id}true|false{/d:external_id}` (applied to Column PrimaryKey)

    This allows correct support for primary key columns that need to be populated via the API vs autogenerated.

  * `{d:generator}uuid{/d:generator}` (applied to Column PrimaryKey)

    Added to a primary key column (defined as a (var)char field of length 36) will tell the ORM layer to generate a universally unique identifier 

  * `{d:search}field1:exact, field2:partial, field3, ... , fieldN:[exact|partial]{/d:search}` (applied to Table)

    Enables search for the listed fields. The column name in the table schema should be used. 
    Specify exact or partial search for string fields depending on your use case. 
    If not specified then the system will use the schema to assign a default as follows: primary key field: exact, all others: partial.
    
    Search of subobjects using 'dot' notation is not yet supported.
    
    integer, boolean, string and datetime fields are supported.
    
  * `{d:sort}field1:asc, field:2:desc, field3, ... , fieldN:[asc|desc]{/d:sort}` (applied to Table)

    Enables sort of one or more fields in the order specified. If no order given then default is: asc 

  * `{d:pagination}enabled:[true|false], items:N, max_items:M, client_control:[true|false]{/d:pagination}` (applied to Table)

    Allows management of pagination. Options:
    
    enabled: [true | false] - If option is fully omitted then default is true and pagination is enabled.
    
    items: [integer] - Override the default items per page. Server default depends on the ApiPlatform default set for that service. If greated than then maximum items per page configuration then it will return the max items per page.
    
    max_items: [integer] - Override for the max items per page. Server default depends on the ApiPlatform default set for that service.
    
    client_control: [true | false] - Specifies if pagination can be controlled by the client app. See ApiPlatform documentation for details on how to configure URLs to affect pagination.
    
## Links

  * [MySQL Workbench](http://wb.mysql.com/)
  * [Doctrine Project](http://www.doctrine-project.org/)
